this is strictly in 60 seconds your
bite-size guide to the nation's favorite
dance contest all fourteen couple dance
this week
all of them desperately trying not to be
the first to leave the show the night
was full of highs you kept it Floyd
going all the way from you are like a
different woman tonight you came out and
attacked the dance and blows is really
not good I'd like any hit rotation
whatsoever we have the first nine of
everyone gave it their all but for one
couple it was the end of the line Goldie
and Christina with the competition in
full swing don't forget you can file all
your favorites and they go to their
training right here at BBC Co UK